---
layout: post
title: Week 8 
---
It’s week 8 of OOP and I started working on my third project, which I am doing with a partner this time. Due to some scheduling conflict, we could only meet once this week to work on the project. But, we are expecting to meet everyday next week so hopefully that would give us enough time to finish the project in time. The project asks us to build a heap that allocates and deallocates space, similar to the heap that c++ uses. At first when Dr. Downing explained the assignment in class, it sounded relatively easy. We just have to do some modifications in the template that he gave us, right??? Well, just like the previous projects, I think it’s going to take much longer than my initial estimation. When my partner and I worked on the project for few hours, we got stuck on the allocate() method (the first one we attempted to modify). We are having trouble assigning sentinels and checking for free spaces. I think we got the basic idea of the project right, but we are probably going to have a really tough time debugging with all the pointers that we are using. But, on the bright side, I think this project would really help us understand how memory allocation works and help us become more efficient as coders. 

Also, we got our first exam results back. I was pleasantly surprised by my score as I was sure that I got at least one problem completely wrong. I would have to get my test back to see what I did wrong (or accidently correct) but I think I did a pretty decent job on the questions that I actually solved. 

Tip-of-the-week: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bucO3KbSemg. I think this video explains the heap and the stack pretty well. 
