---
layout: post
title: My first blog post
---
This is the first entry of my weekly blog for my Object Oriented Programming class (CS 371p). Not only Dr. Downing, our instructor for the class, said he would award 10 points of extra credit for doing this blog, but also I thought keeping a weekly diary would force me to stay up-to-date with my class and definitely improve my writing skills over time (which I clearly lack). Really, it was clear that doing this would only help me. I just hope the blogs are going to go as well as I expect and I would feel good about myself for doing this at the end of the semester. 
Dr. Downing’s class is a bit different from the other classes that I have taken in UT. He seems to value student participation the most important in lecturing because he calls out a student’s name every 5 minutes to start a conversation about the material he is covering. Even though I don’t always feel comfortable speaking in front of the whole class, I think this is good because it forces me to focus in class and concentrate on the material. And of course, it is an excellent way to make students come to class. 
I think I’m going to need some time getting used to this class because I’m not totally confident in my C/C++ skills and I have never worked with tools like gcov, gprof, doxygen, or Google Test all of which Dr. Downing said we will use for the course. But, I’m ready to learn and I hope that I would be, like Dr. Downing said, a more “employable” developer by the end of the semester. 

Tip-of-the-week:
For technology and fitness junkies. 
http://www.cio.com/article/2971712/mobile-apps/why-you-might-want-to-use-an-apple-watch-and-a-fitbit.html
It’s a short article titled “why you might want to use an apple watch and a fitbit.” Being a poor college student, I can only dream of doing that but I think the article could be somewhat interesting to someone considering getting a fitness tracker. 


