---
layout: post
title: Week 9 
---
This week, I met with my partner everyday from Monday to Thursday to finish up project 3. We set up all the files and talked about the logistics of the project in our previous meeting so we had a good idea on what we should do code-wise. As I predicted last week, I think the most difficult part about this assignment was debugging because we had to keep track of pointers and lots of bit manipulations. It certainly helped to have an extra pair of eyes looking over for any silly mistakes. Another difficulty we faced was unit testing because we didn’t know how to access sentinel values in the test code (since memory and sentinels are private). But, we eventually figured out that we can use Google Test’s FRIEND_TEST to access private data and test them. At the time, I didn’t know why it was called “friend” test, but it turned out that we were going to have a lecture on friend class on Friday. All in all, the pair project was a success and I feel like I was more focused on my task when my partner was looking over the monitor. Five extra points and more efficient coding? I think I’m going to get a partner again for the next project. 

As I said above, Dr. Downing talked about the friend class on Friday’s lecture. Basically, a friend class in C++ can access the private and protected members of the class in which it is declared as a friend. In class, we wrote a == operator function for a class using the friend declaration. It certainly seems to enhance encapsulation for classes and useful for testing purposes, but I think I would have to look at more examples to really understand the benefit of having a friend class. 

Tip-of-the-week: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WCFGNdXSzus. This video explains the friend class with a simple example. This user also uploads useful coding videos on Java, python, C, and other many other topics. If you haven’t already, you should check it out. 
