---
layout: post
title: Week 3 
---
Week 3 was a bit different from the typical school week. There was no class on Monday because of labor day and we had a guest speaker on Wednesday, which means we only had the “normal” lecture class on Friday. The guest speaker was a former student from Bloomberg which is a financial software and media company. As a recruiter himself, he gave us some really good insights about internships, writing resumes, and applying for jobs. I felt a bit bad about myself because I have zero internship experience myself and the guest speaker told us how companies really look for some kind of work experience. But one of the best advices I got from his talk was that we should really get to know the companies we’re applying to. He said that he loves to talk about technologies that his company develops and implements, which really shows that you are serious about working for the company. Having a bit of a disadvantage, because of my lack of internship experience, I should really research on various companies and what they work on. Sometimes when you’re surrounded by school work, it is easy to forget that there is actually life after school. The guest speaker certainly motivated me to plan for my life after graduation. 
And of course, our first programming assignment was due on Thursday. I was surprised on how long it took me to finish the program and it was a good lesson for me to not procrastinate on the next assignment. I was only able to implement a simple lazy cache but I hear that many classmates have worked to optimize their caches for hours. Sphere tells me that my program compiles and runs in less than 1 second so I hope I don’t get too much points off for the quality of my program. 
Tip-of-the week: http://www.technologyreview.com/view/541186/data-analytics-enriches-us-open-tennis-fans-experience/
I’m a big tennis fan and I’ve been keeping up with all the scores and highlights of the US Open for the past 2 weeks. This article gives you an overview and links to the technologies IBM uses to store and analyze data for the tennis world. 
