---
layout: post
title: Week 7 
---
It’s week 7 of OOP and we had our first midterm on Thursday. We had normal lectures on Monday and Wednesday, and there was no class on Friday. For the test, as Dr. Downing said earlier, it was all coding where we had to write various classes and functions (We were told not to post questions or comments about the test publicly so I won’t write about problems I had difficulty in). It was kind of disappointing to see concepts that I spent a lot of time figuring out not appearing on the test, and materials I sort of skimmed through popping up on the exam. I guess for the next midterm I should make sure to go through all the materials thoroughly, instead of just studying concepts that I “think” is important. I ended up not finishing one of the problems but I have confidence in the questions that I have answered. Hopefully, I passed my first midterm unscathed. 

After the test, we got our project 2 grades online as well. I was kind of surprised to see that my grade was slightly above average because I wasn’t able to finish the optimizations that the project required. It was a relief for sure, but at the same time I felt a bit stupid for myself for not having a partner. I feel like if I had a partner I wouldn’t have procrastinated and would have finished the optimization. Also, Dr. Downing said that we would get bonus points for working together. I will make sure to work with a partner for project 3. 

Tip-of-the-week: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cdif-zK4z14. It’s a video about the Volkswagen scandal that surfaced last month. For those who don’t know about the scandal, the company had programmed their model year 2009 through 2015 turbocharged direct injection (TDI) diesel engine so that US standards nitrogen oxides (NOx) emissions were met only during laboratory emissions testing. It’s kind of unbelievable that a group of really smart programmers have actually done this and I think this can serve as a reminder for us to be moral and responsible programmers once we enter the real world. 
