---
layout: post
title: Week 4 
---
This week Dr. Downing talked a lot about pointers and references. For me, it always feels good to review about pointers every now and then because, even after taking 439, I am never comfortable using them in programs. I think Dr. Downing’s method of teaching, where he calls out a student and tries to have a conversation about a subject, was effective this week because it really forced me to think about a concept that I have difficulty grasping. The biggest takeaway in lecture for me was the power of “&” and compile time error. The “&” symbol (reference) makes an identical twin of a declared variable, an “alias” as Dr. Downing calls it, and it gives you a compile time error when things go badly. This is better than getting a runtime error while using “*” symbol by wrongly pointing to random memory locations. 

The two papers we read were interesting as well. The first paper talked about Ariane 5, a rocket made by European Space Agency that exploded because it tried to fit a 64-bit number into a 16-bit space. The second paper talked about Mariner 1, a NASA spacecraft that exploded because of an omitted hyphen in the coded computer instruction. It shows that the tiniest mistake can result in a devastating bug. I think it’s good that our projects require good documentations, unit tests, and acceptance tests, because these are habits that would definitely decrease the chance of having such mistakes. 

The Australian Voting project is due next Thursday. I should really make some progress on that in the next few days. 

Tip-of-the-week: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rxvv9krECNw
It’s a video on the basics of pointers and references. It’s a bit long but I think the guy explains the material well. 
