---
layout: post
title: Week 14 
---
This is going to be the last blog entry for my OOP class. I just came back from my graduation and I can't believe that my college career is actually over now. Transferring to computer science at the end of my junior year, it took me a while to finish my degree, but I think it was worth it. Dr. Downing does not give out finals for his classes (and luckily, I don’t have any other finals as well), so I am officially done! 

Our project 5 grade is not up yet, and I’m pretty sure that I bombed the second midterm that we took last Friday. But, I did fairly well on the first midterm and my project grades so far were pretty good as well. I hope I did just well enough on those two tasks to get past my last semester. 

All in all, I thought I have learned a lot in Dr. Downing’s class. His distinctive lecture style forced me to really concentrate and think in class. I felt like I had to be ready at all times because you never know when he is going to call out your name. Even though I wasn’t able to answer to his questions every time, Dr. Downing tried to guide me to the right answer whenever I got stuck. Doing all the projects in C++ was a challenge as well, but I really think it made me into a better programmer. Tests were reasonable, as long as I studied for them, and the in-class quizzes were manageable as well. I would recommend this class to anyone. 

Tip-of-the-week: 
In the spirit of graduation, this is an article about the job market and computer technology (automation). I think it is an interesting read. 
