---
layout: post
title: Week 2 start of Collatz
---
The first project for my Object Oriented Programming class deals with the Collatz conjecture. It’s a simple mathematical conjecture (here’s a link: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Collatz_conjecture) and we have to write a program that calculates the max cycle length for a given range of number. The programming part does not sound bad at all (although I have not started on it) in fact Dr. Downing said it will take about 10 lines of code to accomplish the Collatz conjecture itself. However, Dr. Downing stressed on the fact that we should fix the incorrect unit tests that he provided us and write some more unit tests before start writing any code. He also commented on the importance of issue trackers and frequent github commits. I think these were all good advices because I would have jumped right into coding and definitely would have encountered some logical flaws and bugs along the way. Even though it would not have been too complicated to debug, because this is a relatively simple project, I can see that Dr. Downing really wants us to develop good coding habits that would serve us well in the real world. Unit testing is something that I am not used to doing but it is a great way to test if the code I wrote produces the result I want. Even though I know it’s going to feel awkward at first I really should make unit testing into my coding habits because it would keep me organized and help catch logical flaws more quickly. 
I also hope this project would help me get used to gcov, gprof, doxygen, and Google Test, which are tools that I had no experience before. 
Tip-of-the-week: http://www.tennessean.com/story/money/tech/2015/09/04/protect-programmers-burnout-high-stress-job/71698878/
It’s an article talking about the importance of maintaining a relatively stress-free environment for software developers. Obviously, too much stress is bad. Have fun while coding!

