---
layout: post
title: Week 10 
---
This week in class, we talked about the fourth project “Darwin” on Monday, had a guest speaker on Wednesday, and implemented stack on Friday. In the Darwin project, we simulate a world of creatures that move around and even interact with each other. The world is represented in a two dimensional grid and creatures are given a set of actions that they can take. I think it is a perfect project for object oriented thinking because we have to manage and think about multiple objects (mainly, Darwin’s world, species, and creatures objects). The project reminded me of a program called “Game of Life” that I have seen in a documentary a while ago. I had to do some research to figure out exactly what the program was about and found out that the program was devised by British mathematician John Conway in 1970. He suggested that his program might give an idea on how complex things like the mind can be originated from simple set of rules. Conway’s Game of Life is similar with our Darwin project in that it utilizes a two dimensional grid and uses a simple set of rules to determine how objects inside the grids interact with each other. This video explains the rule and shows a simulation of the program and I think it is worth watching: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CgOcEZinQ2I. 

Also, we got our grades for the Allocator project this week and I have to say it was a great idea to get a partner. That five extra points really helps. If you don’t have a partner for the Darwin project, get one!

Tip-of-the-week: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Conway%27s_Game_of_Life. This is a wiki page of Conway’s Game of Life program. It gives you a nice summary of the history, rules, and even the algorithm of the program. It also shows different types of patterns that result from running the program and I think it is quite fascinating. 
