---
layout: post
title: Week 6 
---
The last project was due last Thursday but the next project is not out yet. I think it’s because our first midterm is coming up next Thursday and Dr. Downing wants us to really concentrate on studying the lecture materials. He said that the test will consist of only coding questions so we would not have to worry about the readings. He also said that a lot of the questions are going to be similar to the codings we did in lectures. This worries me a little bit because I always had difficulties writing methods in class. During last lecture on Friday, for example, I struggled to answer Dr. Downing’s questions while we were writing our own RangeIterator class. I should really go over the codes we wrote during class before test day comes. 

One important c++ feature we went over this week is the lambda function. A lambda function is a function that you can write inline in your source code and it is an easy way to create simple functions. When the lambda function captures a variable and uses it, it’s called a closure. We looked at many examples and implementations of lambda functions (and closures) and I think lambdas are really useful when we have to pass in small functions into another function. In class we looked at lambdas and closures being passed into functions such as accumulate and transform. I have a feeling I would be able to write cleaner and more efficient code once I become comfortable with lambdas. 

Tip-of-the-week: http://www.cprogramming.com/c++11/c++11-lambda-closures.html. I think it’s safe to say that we are going to use lambda functions in our upcoming test. The link gives a pretty good explanations on what lamba and closure are and provide clear examples. 
