---
layout: post
title: Week 11 
---
Ah, it’s my 11th blog for OOP and this week was a long week. My partner and I were both busy with school work and interviews and it was really hard to just find a time to meet to do the project. We had our Darwin program to perform all its functions by Monday, but we had to make sure we weren’t using getters and setters. We weren’t sure our program was using proper data hiding approach, which is the point of having no getters and setters, and it took us a long time to re-design our program to meet the requirements. Unfortunately, an unexpected bug 30 minutes before the deadline forced us to use one late day. However, having an extra day to finish up the project, we found a combination for the best species instructions that enabled “best” species to outnumber all other species (Originally, we weren’t planning to do this. We just copied rover’s instruction for best species). Hopefully we can get the extra points for this and the extra points for working in a group which would really help us out for our project grade. 

The next project is “Life”, which apparently is somewhat based on Conway’s Game of Life. It kind of took me by surprise because I actually wrote that the Darwin project reminded me of Conway’s Game of Life in my last blog entry (epic foreshadowing??). I guess Darwin was just practice and now we have to make the real thing!

Tip-of-the-week: http://qz.com/536738/should-driverless-cars-kill-their-own-passengers-to-save-a-pedestrian/. Software is everywhere in today’s world and we software engineers might have to make lots of hard decisions in the future. This article gives you one example of such hard decision: If you were to program a software for a driverless car, should the car kill its own passenger to save a pedestrian? I think this article gives you a nice topic to think about. 
