---
layout: post
title: Week 13 
---
This week we turned in our last programming project ‘Life’ and it was not late this time. Even though my partner and I forgot to do our submission on Canvas on time, I think we should be fine since our Google form was submitted before the deadline. Similar to the last project, it was difficult to find a time frame that fits both my partner and I to meet up, which was expected because we all know how it can get crazy around Thanksgiving week. We did not get to work on the project as much as we wanted, but we did manage to get our program to work and pass all the given tests that Dr. Downing provided (We just hope that none of the student input is going to break our code). Overall, the project was challenging because there were a lot of details that we missed and had to spend hours and hours debugging. Matching all signatures for pure virtual methods and writing our own copy constructor, assignment, and destructor to prevent memory leaks when we’re constructing instances of ‘Cell’ are some examples that we had the most difficulty in. In the end, however, I’m glad that we went through all these challenging projects using C++. It’s definitely a frustrating language to use but it really forces you to think and I did end up learning a lot about OOP in general. 

We have our second midterm the week after Thanksgiving and since we don’t have a final, it’s going to be our last test for this class. Dr. Downing said that we might be using our own laptops to do our tests so that would be interesting. Cheating might be a concern but writing and grading answers are going to be significantly easier. I guess we’ll find out how it goes after Thanksgiving. 

Tip-of-the-week: http://www.laboratoryequipment.com/news/2015/11/what-will-it-take-make-computer-science-education-more-available. This article talks about difficulties in trying to expand CS in high schools in America. The demand for CS is continuing to increase but it is hard to get a good CS education from an early age. I think it’s an interesting read and definitely a topic to think about. 
