---
layout: post
title: Week 12 
---
This week, we went over the specs for our last project ‘Life’ on Monday, had a guest speaker on Wednesday, and had our normal lecture on Friday. Monday’s class revealed that our last project is not going to be easy to start. We have to use an abstract class and a handle class to set up our cells in a way so it can either take the form of a Fredkin cell or a Conway cell. I think I know the reasoning behind using abstract and handle classes, but I’m still not sure on how to really implement them in my project. I’m probably going to have some difficulties just setting up my project in the right direction. Hopefully, I’ll be able to finish up my last project unscathed. 

The guest speakers on Wednesday were from Atlassian. They talked about their developmental process and it was cool to see how real companies made their products. The more I listen to these guest speakers, the more I feel that school work is very different from the real world stuff. I can see why companies prefer potential employees to have some kind of work experience such as internship or part time. 

On Friday, we learned how to implement dynamic binding in C++ using the ‘virtual’ function. I feel that this lecture was helpful because we can use this in our Life project. We can have something like ConwayCell and FredkinCell inheriting from AbstractCell and use ‘virtual’ to define various functions that we need. (Although, I kind of hoped that Dr. Downing told us about this earlier haha). 

Tip-of-the-week: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JavaScript_templating. I was doing some javascript/jquery stuff this week and found out about javascript templating for the first time. I haven’t implemented this in my code yet but I would definitely try later. 
